# Dataset
**_🐳The whole data will be released upon publication._**


## Data Collection
Our experiments are conducted on the Natural Questions (NQ) dataset, which anonymized user queries paired with Wikipedia articles. To adapt NQ for the reranking task, we execute a rigorous data construction pipeline consisting of three stages.

We provide two versions of the dataset. The informal subset is generated by Qwen-14B and Qwen2.5-32B respectively, while the humor and romance subsets are produced by Qwen2.5-32B. The experimental results reported in this paper are based on the data generated by informal-14B, humor-32B, and romance-32B.

## Data Statistics
Here is the Statistic of the preprocessed Dataset. (# is the symbol of `the number of').
| Type | # Sample | Percentage |
| :---: | :---: | :---: |
| Training  | 19238  | 78.92%  |
| Validation  | 2138  | 8.77%  |
| Test  | 3000  | 12.31%  |


## Evaluation
We comprehensively assess the generated data across three dimensions: style transfer strength, content preservation, and Fluency. 

**Style Transfer Strength.** We adopt a Qwen2.5-14B model as a *binary style classifier*. First, to ensure the reliability of this evaluator, we validated it on the formal test set of raw data, where it achieved an F1-score of 95.23%. Subsequently, we applied it to our generated informal paragraphs.

**Content Preservation.** To verify that the semantic meaning remains invariant during style transfer, we measure the semantic similarity between the source formal text and the generated informal text using *BERTScore*.

**Fluency.** We assess the linguistic quality of the generated text by calculating the *Perplexity (PPL)* using a GPT-2. 

For the multi-style evaluation, we additionally adopt the *sentiment score (avg)* to measure the style intensity for Humore and Romance dataset.

| Metric | Informal-avg-14B | Humor-test-32B | Romance-test-32B |
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| Style Transfer Strength  |  99.97%  | - | - |
| Fluency  |  33.38 | 43.6011 | 48.1379 |
| Content Preservation  |  0.6686  | 0.7438 | 0.7501 |
| Sentiment score  | -  | 0.1428 | 0.1567 |

<!-- 
Meanwhile, we further provide an additional training and validation dataset across diverse styles, generated by Qwen-32B. Here are the evaluation results.
| Metric | Informal-32B | Humor-32B | Romance-32B |
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| Fluency  |  41.51 | 43.24 | 47.54 |
| Content Preservation  |  0.7494  | 0.7427 | 0.7500 |
| Sentiment score  | 0.1250  | 0.1419 | 0.1550 |
-->
